hey hey guys weird because I'm testing
80 spotting mechanics of the game
because I've looked all over the
internet and I have not been able to
find anywhere where it says exactly how
long you are spotted normally and how
long the shadow perk is you know
reducing that amount of time so let's
just test this I've set up a timer in
the bottom left hands on the mini-map
so you'll see exactly how long he is
spotted and you'll see exactly how long
his spots mark is still there right so
I'm gonna spot him and look away because
if I constantly look at him he's gonna
constantly turn up on the camera but I'm
gonna spot him and look away and then
you'll pay attention to the bottom
left-hand corner of the screen here like
so Ready Set this is without the shadow
perk you'll see he is spotted for about
seven seconds exactly if you pay them
just wide enough times green bean seed I
stopped the timer at the eight seconds
but if we try it again let's see if we
spot him again while I'm trying you'll
see the timer
he basically disappears at seven seconds
like there yeah now he's gonna go and
turn on the shadow of perk oh all right
here we are and he has now turned on the
shadow part didn't you yes yeah okay
let's try it again I'm gonna do the same
procedure pay attention to the bottom
left-hand corner and pay attention to
the mini-map and the timer there so I'm
going to spot him and look away like see
he disappears out in three seconds now
and let's try that one more time does
for you know consistency and let's try
again look away and he disappears out
three seconds exactly so basically the
shadow perk cuts down
the amount of time you're spotted by
five seconds which is actually pretty
massive especially if you're running
around with a pistol or weapon and
making noise try to try to shoot
something you know just shoot one bullet
and one bullet I said yeah you're only
flagged for about as long as you
actually shoot I pant I noticed shirt
again hmm interesting
right well on the mini-map the the
shadow part clearly cuts two down the
time by five seconds so yeah